docs(dispatcher): multi event (#412)
it-at-m/swim: dispatch-service/README.md

- `dispatch` (default if action tag not set): Default routing behaviour
- `reroute`: Reroute a message to another use case. Target use case is resolved via `swim.dispatch-action-destination-tag-key`
- `delete`, `ignore`: File is marked as finished without further processing

## Multi Events

> Files matching the pattern `-\d+v\d+$` (e.g. `-1v3.pdf`) are grouped into a single event for joint processing.

Author: ```suggestion
Filenames (without extension) matching the pattern `-\d+v\d+$` (e.g. `...-1v3.pdf`) are grouped into a single event for joint processing.
```

- `reroute`: Reroute a message to another use case. Target use case is resolved via `swim.dispatch-action-destination-tag-key`
- `delete`, `ignore`: File is marked as finished without further processing

## Multi Events

Filenames (without extension) matching the pattern `-(\d+)v(\d+)$` (e.g. `...-1v3.pdf`) are grouped into a single event for joint processing.
This leads to two different types of events, which are determined by the `swim_event_type` header in the Kafka messages:
- `single`: For processing a single file (for backwards compatibility, events without that header are handled as single events).
- `multi`: For processing multiple files together (e.g. after splitting a file, where the chunks still belong to the same context).

During dispatching the group of files in multi events is validated for completeness. 
This is done by extracting the index (1. matching group) and the junk count (2. matching group) from the above pattern and 
validating that each junk is present before dispatching the event.
To prevent errors from occurring when file junks are still uploaded, there is a configurable delay `max-file-chunk-age` (see [Configuration](#configuration)), 

> after which missing junks lead to an error.

Author: could you create an PR for that? This pr is already merged
